Update the Split integration documentation with Feature Flag data collection (#1769)
DataDog/integrations-extras: split/README.md

Split data should be flowing into Datadog.

> ### RUM Feature Flag Tracking

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Feature Flag Tracking integration
```

Reviewer: Suggesting this for consistency with other integrations being updated -- feel free to update #1768 and #1770 with `RUM feature flag tracking` if you prefer

> Split's Feature Flag Tracking integration enriches your RUM data with your feature flags so you can get visibility into performance monitoring and behavioral changes. Determine which users are shown a user experience and if it is negatively affecting the user's performance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Split's feature flag tracking integration enriches your RUM data with your feature flags to provide visibility into performance monitoring and behavioral changes. Determine which users are shown a user experience and if it is negatively affecting the user's performance.
```

> Feature flag tracking is available in the RUM Browser SDK. For detailed set up instructions you can visit our guide to [get started with Feature Flag data collection][7]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Feature flag tracking is available in the RUM Browser SDK. For detailed set up instructions, visit the [Getting started with Feature Flag data in RUM][7] guide.
```

> 1. Update your Browser RUM SDK version >= 4.25.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Update your Browser RUM SDK version to 4.25.0 or above.
```

2. Initialize the RUM SDK and configure the `enableExperimentalFeatures` initialization parameter with `["feature_flags"]`.

> 3. Initialize Split's SDK and and create an impression listener reporting feature flags evaluations to Datadog using the following snippet of code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Initialize Split's SDK and create an impression listener reporting feature flag evaluations to Datadog using the following snippet of code.
```
